No-one much likes whistleblowers,
particularly in an organisation
like the police.
Just quit.
I can't do that, Kim.
It gives me a reason
to get up in the morning.
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Yeah, I'm sure I wanna do this.
Why'd you join the cops?
I believe in order.
Yeah, me too.
I've got runners
all over the streets.
There's a battle on
about who they work for.
Can't any of you kids
bring this shit under control?!
DEBBIE: I'm shipping out.
Sticking your head above
the parapet. Is that wise?
I'll take me chances.
I'm sorry.
You walk out on me,
you don't come back.
Detective Senior Constable
Debbie Webb reporting for duty.
ANDY: We know that name, Bobby.
If you've got any problems,
say it to my face.
We will. Don't worry.
I'm new here myself. We'll have to
look out for each other, won't we?
SONG: # It's a jungle out there
# It's a jungle out there
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
# It's a jungle out there. #
(FAST-PACED UPBEAT MUSIC)
JACQUI JAMES: Early 1994,
and the streets of Kings Cross
erupted in another turf war
of the drug business.
For years, Bill Bayeh had been
the biggest dealer in town.
Now Danny 'DK' Karam
decided it was time he moved over
and made room for someone else,
namely Danny 'DK' Karam.
Each man on the Mile
had to pick sides,
although a few greedy, brave
or just plain stupid ones
tried to choose both.
Sooner or later,
someone was bound to get hurt.
You see?
DK stabbed Samson.
Only luck of the Irish
he's still breathing.
All he do is looking after my turf.
DK's selling drugs out there.
Russell 'Bubblehead'
backing him up...
Wait, wait, wait. Russell's
working with DK? That can't be true.
Billy, he's on our payroll.
Ask around.
He's two-timing us. I want him gone.
DK... gone.
I told you to bring Johnny with you.
He's washing his hair.
JOHN: Not our problem, mate.
Billy's business, Billy's problem.
That's it.
Am I the only one
that understands loyalty?
Our arrangement with Billy
is like an insurance policy.
We cover him for everything.
That's it.
Hey, hey, it's not my problem.
Tell him to call
the drug squad. Easy.
Merry Christmas, mate.
Oh, forget it. Forget it.
I got a better idea.
Hey, man.
How you going?
What's this fucking shit I hear
about you and DK doing Billy down?
Don't I have the right to earn income?
It's a question of loyalty.
Does that mean nothing to you?
Huh? Does it mean nothing?
It's your first and it's your last
warning. Alright, Bubblehead?
SONG: # Hear what now?
What's that sound?
# Rumble in the ground
Frightening the crowd
# We were getting round
to getting down
# Who's that over there
with his sceptre and crown?
# It's Friday night
We're all real high
# Dressed just right
Feeling the vibe
# We are all very beautiful people
# And we don't wanna see
any ugly people tonight
# We're chilling in the club
Looking like the shit
# Looking like an MTV film clip
# Oh, shit, we're so cool
that it hurts
# And we're playing a song
that we know all the words to
# But what's this?
Oh, no, please desist
# Gorillas in the mist
Shadows in the fog
# There's a man over there
with a banana in his fist
# And he barks like a dog
and he looks at me and says
# I'm just another bad dancer
# Who won't take no for an answer
# We don't know how
to pout with our lips
# But when the beat hits,
well, we don't give a shit... #
(GUNSHOT, SIRENS WAIL)
JACQUl: Big Russell Townsend,
aka Bubblehead,
was merely the latest
in a long line of bouncers
to decide he'd rather
be king of the Cross
than a humble shitkicker.
JOE DOOLEY:
Who fired the first shot?
Didn't see anyone.
Mate, don't give us crap.
He could've killed you.
Think about that.
G'day, fellas. Thanks for your help.
We'll take it from here.
No, that's alright. We've got
this covered, thanks, Detective.
It's a serious crime. It's ours.
Piss off.
Who was it?
Like I told your boys, I don't know.
I didn't see anyone.
We'll be waiting outside.
Thank you very much.
I got a message for you, Russ.
You talk to them, I'll hunt you down
and eat your fucking liver.
We clear on that?
(GRUNTS)
(CHATTER AND LAUGH QUIETLY)
(BOTH LAUGH)
Excuse me, Sergeant.
Um, I haven't been assigned
to do anything yet.
I'm just dead keen
to make myself useful.
Am I gonna be partnered with anyone?
I mean, I've been here two weeks.
I know what you did
at Kings Cross. We all do.
You dogged on your mates.
You think any of these boys in here
want to partner up with you?
You want a job?
Make me a cup of coffee.
Excuse me, sir. Can I have a word?
Absolutely, but not right now.
I'm on my way out.
Can we make a time, then?
Of course we can. Send me a memo.
JACQUl: And that was the pattern.
Every time Debbie Webb
tried to sit down with her boss,
he was just too darn busy.
It took her ages to realise
that Dennis Kelly
had zero tolerance
for troublesome female detectives.
(WHISTLES HAPPILY)
(MEN CHATTER AND LAUGH)
MAN: Come on, boys.
Let's get out of here, hey?
MAN 2: That's right, fellas.
Come on, let's get a move on.
MAN 3: Whose shout?
They're gonna bury you
under a mountain of this shit.
What's it to you?
Make a note of everything
they do to you in your duty book.
Get the boss to sign it.
He'll never bother to read it.
You were seen
on the night of February 2
on Darlinghurst Road
with a gun in your hand
shooting at Russell Townsend.
Not possible. I was on my way
to the Gold Coast.
You went to the Gold Coast Feb 2?
Ansett or Qantas?
We drove, me and Charlie Fish.
We left just after lunch. Ask him.
We've got witnesses
that put you at the scene.
Really? Willing to get up in court
and testify against me, are they?
You can't go around
shooting people on our turf.
It's against the rules.
You need to make this go away.
JACQUl: Detective Sergeant
Chook Fowler
had laid down the law
in no uncertain terms.
The drug business was only tolerated
on the condition
that there was no shooting
and no... that's N-O...
bodies on the ground.
(GUNSHOT)
Bloodshed drew unwanted attention
of stickybeaks...
men like anti-corruption crusader
John Hatton MP.
Hatton's campaign
to clean out the NSW Police
was gaining momentum.
All he needed was hard evidence.
JOHN: Bubblehead, it's water
under the bridge, mate. Forget it.
Look, the secret's
keeping the streets safe
for the ordinary guy
looking for fun,
legitimate income long-term.
You know, these pricks
selling junk on the street...
that shit leads to turf wars,
leads to violence,
leads to bloody coppers
cracking down,
leads to the punters
going someplace else.
So what's your plan?
Sack DK.
Tell DK it's over.
Come and work for me.
Billy's happy, you're happy,
the punters are happy.
That part about telling DK...
...you know he's gonna go crazy,
he's gonna lose it.
Say, "Please."
JOHN: Man, you're crazy.
"Please, Danny,
with sugar and spice."
I don't care.
I sell my gear any place...
hotel, coffee shop, car park, kebab.
It doesn't matter to me.
But you know what happens...
...when there's a vacuum, huh?
Don't worry.
We'll speak to everyone.
JACQUl: All John wanted
was to persuade the street dealers
who were multiplying
on the Golden Mile
to ply their trade elsewhere.
And if they refused to listen...
...well, he had Bubblehead along
to add weight to the argument.
(ROCK MUSIC)
SONG: # We're the Shimmys
We say hello
# We'd like to welcome you
to the show
# Now it's our time
to dance and sing
# And it's your time
to shake that thing
# Do the Shimmy, do the Shimmy
# Do the Shimmy,
do the Shimmy... #
Benny, you got runners
on the street now, hey?
Me?
I've got nothing
but the budget, Bubblehead.
What about Shaka?
Only one.
Give me his name.
Me and Johnny'll get rid of him.
Fuck your brother.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey! Some manners here,
brother, OK?
Now, Russ, chill it, man.
Talal Assaad.
What did you say?
# We're the Shimmys
We say hello... #
You don't wanna do no drugs, Poppy.
They fuck up with your head.
Can't you give us
a deal on credit? Please?
Such a pretty head too.
Don't be an arsehole.
Go away now, Poppy.
Go, go. Go, go, go.
# Do the Shimmy, do the Shimmy
# Whoo! #
Hey, where do you think
you're going?
Hey, freak, turn around.
Where do you think you're going?
You can't tell me you didn't
know what you were getting.
I want my money back.
Oi! Hey, hey, hey!
Take it easy, mate.
Bitch.
Hands off, hands off.
I'll get my money back.
You need a white cane, mate.
Alright, settle down.
Wanda, walk away, please.
(AUDIO FADES)
(SPOOKY MUSIC)
JOHN: I arrived in the Cross
about half an hour ago, I guess,
and, um, I wanted to park
in my normal spot,
which is behind the Tunnel cabaret,
but I couldn't because
Hammer was parked there.
So I go looking for him.
I walk up through the mall here
and I see this awesome-Iooking dude
half sitting,
half lying on the footpath.
Alright, so I walk to the TAB,
no Hammer.
Walk back again. Now this bloke
is lying on the ground.
So I rush over, you know,
try to sit him up.
There was blood coming out
the back of his head, just oozing.
That's when I called an ambulance
and that's when you arrived.
Do you know his name?
Nup.
Driver's licence says Talal Assaad.
Do you know that he sold drugs?
Nup.
Was there anyone else with you?
No.
A witness says there was
a big guy with you.
No.
Russell?
Johnny, if you know anything, then
say so. Please, for your own sake.
Did you miss the 'Consorting
with criminals' lecture?
If he killed him, do you really
think he would've stuck around
to call an ambulance and do CPR?
What do you think?
I think we better move fast
if we wanna make sure Trevor and
his mates don't take this off us.
They'll smell big bucks.
What are you talking about?
How much do you think
your mate Johnny
would like all of this to go away?
Hello. If you are looking for the
boys, they've gone out for lunch.
I would not wait.
Um, no. Actually I was after you.
We've got a dead body,
probably a dealer,
and John Ibrahim's involved.
I thought I'd handpass it to you
before Chook and the boys
get their hands on it.
Well, that won't make the boys happy.
Mm. You up for it?
I'll ride shotgun.
I haven't had a suspicious
death in yonks.
How much time for manslaughter?
Mate, they can't pin it on ya.
There's a body in a morgue, mate.
Somebody's gotta pay.
You were trying
to resuscitate him, OK?
Everybody knows the rules, mate.
We'll take a trip, go to Lebanon.
No. No way.
And prove that I'm guilty?
Yeah, right. Smart one.
OK, go for Plan B...
stand your ground, stay staunch.
JACQUl: But it wasn't that simple.
A golden rule on the Golden Mile
had been broken.
Talal Assaad had died
in suspicious circumstances
and John Ibrahim
was the prime suspect.
Most people shower and put on clean
clothes before they come to work.
Get fucked.
Do you like pizza?
I'd like to ram your face
in a pizza.
I believe you were present
in the Springfield Mall
at approximately 1:30pm on April 21,
in the company of Russell Townsend,
John Ibrahim and Talal Assaad.
I wasn't with them, not all of them.
I was with John Ibrahim,
walking through Springfield Mall.
We have witnesses
that say they saw you
with John Ibrahim
AND Russell Townsend
in Springfield Mall at about 1:55pm.
And we've been told that the three
of you approached Talal Assaad
and at the time,
Russell Townsend punched him
in the right side of the face,
knocking him to the ground.
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
Everything under control here?
Detective Sergeant Haken entering
the interview room at 9:47 am.
No. Everything's fine, thank you.
Is there anything I can help with?
Nothing you can help with.
Thank you, Sergeant.
So were you with him at all that day?
Yes. I was walking
down Darlinghurst Road.
I met with Russell on the street.
I said, "Hello. How are you?
How you doing? See you later."
And after that,
I didn't see him at all.
(MAN AND WOMAN
PANT AND MOAN)
Mmm.
DEBBIE: Ohh.
Hey, tell me to mind
me own business,
but maybe you should give the grog
a swerve for a while.
Mind your own business.
I just think you hit it a bit hard.
Didn't you hear what I just said?
Look, I'm no alkie.
I just drink to keep
me mum and dad company.
Oh, yeah? They hit it
a bit too, do they?
Hey, don't take a swipe at me folks!
Sorry.
Hey, how come the others treat you
as bad as they treat me?
I don't take money.
Every bastard takes money.
I was with the Banking unit.
There was this guy ripping off
one of the Big Four,
did it all electronically.
We tracked him down to the Southern
Highlands, raided the joint... bingo!
There was a couple
hundred-thousand dollars in cash
stashed under his bed
in a garbage bag.
The other blokes
started talking about
helping themselves to 30, 40 grand.
I just said, "Count me out."
Of course, that stuffed up
their party big-time
'cause if I didn't take a share,
they couldn't either.
Well, why didn't you?
I mean, the money's only
going to go back to the bank.
They wouldn't have missed
a few bucks.
I'm not gonna risk
me pension, entitlements,
everything I got for chicken feed.
If someone wants to buy me,
it's gonna cost them a mill.
And by the way, if you're ever out
having drinks with these dickheads
and you have to answer
the call of nature,
don't leave your drink unfinished.
One of them's likely
to dip his wick.
What? Put his dick in my drink?
(SCOFFS) Oh!
(LAUGHS)
Andy says you're looking
for something to do.
I'm not washing your car
or doing your laundry, Bobby.
A friend of mine asked me
to fill out this licence
application for him.
You wanna look after it?
I filled it in.
You just have to sign.
A gun licence in the name of...
Who's Marlene McPherson?
Lennie's wife. Lovely woman.
You want me to lodge a gun licence
in the name of the wife of one
of the heaviest crooks in town?
There's a drink in it, Deb.
(SCOFFS) You think I... Fuck off.
No harm in asking.
What are you gonna do with that?
File it.
You never know when
it's gonna come in handy.
I thought I'd find you here.
Hey.
The bastard stitched me up.
Don't let them get to you.
You're tougher than they are.
Mind that.
Keep your fly zipped up.
Internal Affairs.
MAN ON PHONE: Yes.
I want to make a complaint
against a police officer.
Alright.
I'm a police officer myself.
Well, what's your name and rank?
Uh... you know what?
Just... forget about it.
Forget about it.
Who was that?
Mind your own business.
So, Greg...
...do you wanna meet me folks?
You got Bubblehead's new number?
Of course I got it.
Do you have it?
Give it to me. Come here!
BUBBLEHEAD: Is that you, man?
Where are ya?
Look, don't worry about that.
You know it was an accident, right?
Yeah, I know. When are you gonna
come back, explain it to the cops?
I can't do that. I gotta lay low
till the heat dies down.
Why'd you have to hit him so hard?
Look, I'm not gonna dog, Russ. Alright?
But the cops are coming
after me big-time.
(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS)
You've got to tell Internal Affairs.
Nuh-uh.
Debbie, they've got your fingerprints
on a gun licence for a crim's wife.
You've got to get him first.
Mate, if it gets back to Bobby
and Andy, I'm in even deeper shit.
Does lover boy know?
Greg? No.
I just need him to...
I just need to shield him away
from all my crap.
(LAUGHS)
Hi.
(MAN GRUNTS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
Was it OK?
It was terrific.
Michael.
Michael, it was terrific.
Next time, twice as long.
It's not a time trial.
But you're nice.
Don't hold that against me.
Are you Polish by any chance?
Polish? No. Why?
I am.
Mum would be in seventh heaven.
(LAUGHS)
GREG: Mmm!
Uh, John, can you please carve?
Oh, shit. Don't give him the fucking
knife. There'd be a massacre.
Greg.
Delighted.
OK.
No, thanks.
Suit yourself.
So, Greg, are you a sergeant
or a cunt-stable?
Just a humble senior constable.
Not the kind of bloke
they promote.
Why's that? Are you gay?
(LAUGHS) No, worse...
I don't play the game.
Greg don't take money, Mum,
same as me.
(GROANS) Spare me days
and pass the spuds.
Lovely spot, this, Mrs Webb.
I reckon it's
the arsehole of the world,
but I s'pose you'd feel
right at home if you were a turd.
Huh, he's a wet sock of a man.
He'll drag you down.
The Milkybar Kid...
that's him. (LAUGHS)
Huh?
You're not normal.
(CHORTLES)
I went up to him and I said,
"Hey, Russell. What you doing?"
And he said, "I've got some
fucking business to deal with."
(LAUGHS) Excuse my French, boys.
But he was in a filthy mood.
When did you see him next?
Oh, it would've been
about 10 minutes later.
He was at the Springfield Mall.
He was with a man I know as Buddy
and John Ibrahim
and they were with a fourth man.
Um, look, I don't know his name,
but he sells cocaine on the street.
SCULLY: And what happened?
Oh, well, Russell, Buddy and John
were standing around the other man
and Russell punched him in the face
at least a half a dozen times
with an open hand.
And from where I was looking,
Russell was standing
to the left-hand side,
Buddy was behind him
so he couldn't move away
and then John was
standing to the right.
And then?
Oh, and then I got a job.
A job. Yeah.
So I took the client
into a room at Porky's
and I got some money from the client
and then I went up to use the phone
at Springfield Mall
to score some cocaine!
And that was about... sorry...
that was about 2:10
when I saw the other man
or the fifth man or...
You know, the man. You know,
he was, like, slumped over.
Ooh!
Whoa.
Oh, sorry. (LAUGHS)
JACQUl: Scully
now had himself a witness
who could place John Ibrahim
at the scene of the crime.
The noose was tightening.
(DANCE MUSIC)
John knew he had
a'Get out of jail free' card.
All he had to do was tell the cops
that Russell Bubblehead did it...
he hit Talal Assaad too hard,
it was an accident.
But the words of George Freeman
bounced around his head
like a pinball...
"Respect people if you want them
to respect you.
"Be loyal if you want
loyalty in return.
"And never, never, never
dog on your mates."
Thank God there's one gentleman
left in the world.
Have a safe one, Kim.
MAN: Ladies and gentlemen,
let's hear it for the fresh
new faces of the NSW Police,
Tracy, Jared, Kevin and Wendy.
(APPLAUSE)
Sir, a moment of your time?
Still dogging my heels, Dennis?
(LAUGHS) Your chief of staff's
hanging up his boots.
I'd like to throw my hat in the ring.
Mixed metaphors.
Why would I choose a man like you?
I've heard you described as
devious, ruthless, unscrupulous.
There's three good reasons
right there.
I reckon you need a street fighter
in your corner, don't you?
Some of the best
partnerships in history
are built on mutual
dislike and distrust.
Russia and the Ukraine, for example.
Abbott and Costello.
I get the point.
What do I have to do to impress you?
If you can't work that out, sport...
Commissioner, thank you very much.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
(BOTH GRUNT AND MOAN)
Hey, whoa, whoa. Hey, slow down.
We've got all night.
Here, give me your hand.
Oh, that's it.
(MOANS)
You're amazing.
Did I tell you that?
About a thousand times.
(BOTH MOAN AND GRUNT)
There's something I need to tell you.
I do this for a living.
You do sex for a living?
What, do you mean you're a...
I'm a prostitute.
Hmph.
Are you... are you saying...
Oh, you're not asking me to...
Pay for it? Oh, no. No.
It's just that...
I just wanted to be honest with you
before this got any more serious.
I'd like it to be serious.
I think it already is,
speaking for myself.
So you don't care
that I'm... you know?
(PEOPLE LAUGH AND CHATTER)
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS QUIETLY)
GALINA: My glass is empty.
Order more champagne,
you disgusting little dwarf.
(LAUGHTER)
And I will have the most
expensive cocktail from the menu.
But you don't drink.
I might change my mind.
(MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY)
Are you still seeing the child?
Michael? Yes.
I think he's in love with me.
Well, you know what
I'm going to say.
"There's no such thing as love.
Love doesn't pay the rent."
But you can't stop
thinking about him?
How do I know if he really loves me
or if he's too young
to know the difference?
I want him to prove it to me, Gale.
(KNOCKS) Kim?
Hello?
Anybody home?!
It's me. Kim, are you home?
Hello? Kim.
Melissa?
GALINA: Is that you, Kim?
Uh, no. Um, it's Michael.
Oh, Galina, hi.
Um...
Sorry.
SONG: # Baby, won't you
be my baby tonight?
# Baby, won't you be my baby tonight?
# Baby, won't you be my baby?
# I got a feeling I ain't crazy
# Baby, won't you be my baby tonight?
# Honey, won't you
be my honey tonight?
# Honey, won't you be my honey?
# I got time but I ain't got money
# Honey, won't you
be my honey tonight?
# Baby, won't you
be my baby tonight?
be my baby tonight? #
Come on, Kim.
Piss off.
Please, just give me a moment.
I feel like a shit.
Yes, you are a shit.
Yeah, I know.
You don't deserve me.
But if we both accept
that I don't deserve to be
in a relationship with you,
what about, like, just sleeping
together occasionally?
(GRUNTS)
Grow up, little boy.
Ohh!
It's all your fault. You know that.
You're the one who slept with him.
Because you asked me
to set him up.
GREG: Hello.
Hi, Greg. No, no!
Don't come in. It's bad luck.
Whoa!
Righto.
Hey, I've lined up the band,
picked up the rings
and Mick Drury's
agreed to give you away.
All systems go.
One problem. Me dress don't fit.
Oh, no?
No.
Huh.
'Cause I'm pregnant.
Fair dinkum? How pregnant?
About 16 weeks gone.
(BOTH LAUGH)
I've always wanted a kid of me own.
You gotta give up the grog, darl.
I've had me last drink.
Over my dead body!
No child of mine's gonna commit
suicide by marrying that.
Can't you just let me
be happy for once?
I feel like stabbing meself
in the heart right now.
Yeah, why don't ya?
Maybe I ought to just do you,
you ungrateful little slut.
Put them down.
Put them down, Irene. Put them down!
Irene, put them down.
I said put them down!
Irene, put it down!
(DROPS SCISSORS)
(GUNSHOT)
Oh!
Oh...
(WHIMPERS)
That's it. I'm gone.
Youse can bloody rot for all I care.
It'll kill us, love.
We can't do this on our own.
Maternity leave's
the biggest rort there is.
My taxes are paying for you
to take a six-month sickie.
For a moment there I thought
you'd be pleased for me.
Not when you're sleeping
with bloody Greg Locke.
Pregnant chicks are supposed to be
horny all the time, aren't they?
Bobby, don't touch.
I bet you go off like a firecracker.
My Greg will fucking do you, mate.
(SCOFFS) I don't think so, sugar.
Your Greg is shipping out.
GREG: Drug Enforcement Agency,
effective immediately.
What? This job is fucked.
(DOOR OPENS)
Sir, any chance of that catch-up?
I'd love to, but I've gotta run.
Some time next week, I promise.
Can you just sign my duty book?
Oi, John.
What are you doing?
I shouldn't even be talking to you.
What's up?
They've upgraded
your charge to murder.
Oh, no, no, no.
Look, we know it was
Russell Townsend who hit him,
but if we can't find him, John,
then you're it.
So you make a statement,
explain what happened...
Hey, we don't dog.
Right?
Even if it means jail time?
Jesus, John! What's Russell to you?
And what was his problem
with Talal Assaad?
Look, Debbie, I don't know what this
is about, but I'm not in the mood.
I want to make a complaint against
the conduct of the officers...
Oh, look, I know
it's tough for a girl,
but that's what you signed up for.
This is about corruption.
(LAUGHS)
Then take it to Internal Affairs,
sweetheart.
And be persecuted by every bastard
from the Commissioner down.
This is your squad,
your responsibility.
Should never have allowed
women detectives, hey, sir? (LAUGHS)
Do you realise Andy Little
spends most of his working time
doing rego checks
for your predecessor
who now runs
a private inquiry agency?
And Bobby Flood's been on
the same brief for five years?
And there's four
Fraud Squad officers
sitting down in Wollongong,
doing fuck all,
rorting their travel allowance
for two years?
And then there's these bastards
who tried to set me up
with a gun handling licence
with Lennie McPherson's missus.
Then there's the sexual harassment
I have to put up with every day.
And you've signed every single entry
in my duty book, sir.
(PHONE RINGS)
(LIFE SUPPORT MACHINE
BEEPS REGULARLY)
Irene?
Mum, it's me. I'm here.
Everything's gonna be OK. OK?
You and Johnny, you'll be fine.
We'll look after ya.
We'll always look after ya. Won't we?
What we should do is get them
into a retirement village.
I want them with me.
You're gonna have a baby of your own
to look after, Deb.
You'll never cope.
Pity those other old codgers
when those two move in, hey?
Fuck.
(ALARMS BEEP RAPIDLY)
Excuse me. Check her pulse.
Mum!
Just stand back.
JACQUl: Irene Webb was only
59 years old when she died.
John Webb also passed away
four weeks later.
I wonder if they knew
it was their wasted lives
that inspired Debbie
to leave her mark on the world.
SCULLY: OK, let's start
at the beginning.
On the day that Talal Assaad died,
Russell came to see me.
Well, he said...
Benny, you got runners
on the street now, hey?
I said, "Nah, mate."
And then he says to me, um,
"Tell them to get off the strip
"because me and John
are looking for them."
"Me and John"?
RUSSELL: Give me his name.
Me and John will get rid of him.
"Me and John
are looking for him."
Me and Johnny will get rid of him.
"Me and John"?
Yeah.
JACQUl: Despite arguments from some
that there was no case to answer,
certain Kings Cross officers felt the
opportunity to lock up John Ibrahim
was too good to pass up.
John wasn't surprised.
He'd always understood
the worst-case scenario.
And now that day had come.
He was facing serious jail time.
SCULLY: I have in front of me
a first instance warrant,
number 71, in 1994,
issued by Central Local Court.
This is a warrant for your arrest
for accessory to murder
in that you did assist
Russell Townsend
between April 21
and yesterday's date.
Do you understand?
Yes, I do.
Sergeant, please place
John Ibrahim under arrest.
As you know, I just finished
a brief stint at Fraud.
I'm sorry to tell you how shocked
I am at the lack of integrity.
In my view, it stops
just short of criminal.
I'm shocked to hear
how shocked you are.
What are you gonna do about it?
Go to IA and blow the whistle?
Unfortunately,
I don't have firsthand proof.
Barely had time to unpack my bags.
But I have a courageous
young detective
who's noted everything
in her duty book.
Name?
Debbie Webb.
I've signed off on all of it.
I think she'd make a good witness
should we, uh, decide to pursue her.
(BAGPIPES PLAYS
'SCOTLAND THE BRAVE')
Whoa!
(ALL CHEER)
Hey!
G'day.
Hi.
I work for John Hatton.
Do you know who he is?
Yeah, a politician, keeps banging on
about police corruption.
Yeah. He wants to talk to your wife.
MAN: Here they go.
With the two girls. That's lovely.
John Hatton. Pleased to meet you.
Please stay where you are.
Jason? Thank you.
Well, I'm not going to beat
around the bush, Debbie.
I need what you've got
on the police force.
I want to get the truth out
about police corruption.
Now, I've worked for 20 years
to get a royal commission
into the cops
and if you'll stand with me,
then we might just do it.
She's six months' pregnant.
She'd be putting herself in danger.
Yeah, I realise that.
There are a lot of people out there
who'd go to any lengths to
cover up what they've been doing.
It's a big decision, Debbie.
So don't rush it.
Just think about it.
I don't need to.
I wanna bring these bastards down.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org